Add Paolo's talk to Svelte Summit (#2174)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/calendar/2023-11-11-svelte-summit.md

---

Svelte Summit is an online conference dedicated to Svelte and everything that is

> happening in the community. Mainmatter's Senior Frontend Engineer Paolo Ricciuti

Reviewer: ```suggestion
happening in the community. Mainmatter's Svelte expert Paolo Ricciuti
```

will talk about progressive enhancements in SvelteKit in his talk "Enhance!!!"

> and we are supporting the event as a Gold Sponsor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and we are supporting the event as a Gold Sponsor as well.
```
